so this is the XPS duo 12 device this
product will deliver Windows 8 operating
system it is an XPS by design so you can
see you that we've got the mag alloys
chassis for strength
we have aluminium casing as well as the
carbon fiber back cover on the display
and also on the underside of the probe
to give the product the advise real
strength this product gives you a full
size keyboard it's also backlit for
convenience and a fantastic trackpad the
device will give you Core i5 or Core i7
processors and we also have hard drive
support up to 500 gigabytes as well as
well as well as adding em Santa drive
support 32 gig and 64 gig need to have
instant on and instant connectivity
options the unique part of this product
is the flip screen so what it does is
give the convenience on the keyboard but
also the requirement on the tablet when
customers report
so as you can see it's in currently in
laptop mode you can be very productive
on this beautiful twelve point five inch
display which is full HD but also has
400 nits brightness as you can see I
just pop the brightness up on this
particular device
it's a beautiful display that well
you'll have no problem at all seeing
when your apps about and outside are not
on a brightly lit day when you do go out
you may want to put it in tablet mode so
you just spin the display there very
very sturdy display this is it allows
you to pop it into tablet mode and then
you can use the device as you wish to do
so in tablet mode
the product can be used in either
landscape or in a portrait mode and it
will change automatically depending on
how you are in
you position the tablet so we also have
a button here which will freeze the
display if you wish to keep it in a
sense and
about on the side of the product you
will see we have legacy board support so
you have USB ports display board a power
port on one side and on the other you
can see again we have that rotates fixed
button you have your headphone out
socket you have your power port and you
have your audio rocker speakers on the
side as well to give you a great stereo
audio experience
all in a very thin very lightweight
Ultrabook solution delivering Windows 8
in a format either in tablet or in
laptop mode